<p align="justify">There are several things that a person has to take care of during a financial emergency. The individuals and entities look for immediate financial assistance with convenience. Surrounded by problems in a stressful situation, this is not an ideal situation that anyone would expect to be a part of at any point in time. No one prefers to live in any such situation, but unexpected incidents happen all the time, which may cripple an individual or entity emotionally and financially.</p>

<p align="justify">These are the situations that call for external assistance. The individual or entity can always look for sources besides their savings. Savings can be limited and can get exhausted in no time. An individual or entity may require funds in abundance, and then they can refer to a bank or non-banking financial institution (both public and private).</p>

<p align="justify">The best way to get funds at the earliest is to use what a person (whether individual or entity) has readily available with them. Home loans are one of the most convenient forms of credit extended by financial institutions (banks and non-banking financial companies). The name itself explains the meaning and working of this facility. A loan against the home is advanced with the home object as collateral.</p>

<p align="justify">The borrowing individual or entity can apply for this facility while sitting at home. Policies like the <b><a href="https://www.dialabank.com/home-loan/bank-of-baroda-home-loan/">Bank of Baroda Home Loan</a></b> policy are openly available on the online platform. The borrower does not have to pay a lot of visits to the bank or non-banking financial company.</p>  

<p align="justify">Many financial institutions (banks and non-banking financial companies) provide the funds within 45 minutes. The reason behind this is a short and straightforward application and approval process involved. The lenders do not demand any complicated paperwork or documents. The KYC documents will be sufficient for the credential of the borrowing individual or entity. The collateral is the star of this credit facility. All the documentation can be done from the online platform of the bank. The borrower can also check the home loan eligibility criteria on the online platform of the bank. These are the foremost and the most important step as before applying for the loan; one must have to be eligible for that loan.</p>

<p align="justify">More and more borrowing individuals or entities have become interested in this facility because of the promptness. Another crucial element contributing to the growing home loan market is the cost. The home loan interest rate is meagre and within the reachable limits of the borrowing individual or entity. Compared with other credit forms, the rates at which this credit is provided are lesser than others. The range for the interest rate is somewhere between 7.5% to 20% per annum.</p>

<p align="justify">The rates may vary depending on the requirement of the banks and non-banking financial companies. The rate of interest is different for different financial institutions. The amount of the collateral can be the factors influencing the rate. There are many external factors as well that have an impact on the interest rates charged.</p>

<p align="justify">These rates are also influenced by the risk attached to giving out a loan amount. Whether it is a bank or non-banking financial company, the financial institutions are risk-averse, which means wherever they will find that a borrower carries high risk, they will charge a higher interest. The same goes for the purity, and a ten marla may attract a higher rate and vice versa with marlas objects provided as collateral. It depends on the collateral that the borrowing individual or entity presented.</p>

<p align="justify">Using an object kept idle at home can be used as a means to get funds as and when needed. It can be an efficient and excellent opportunity to avail of the funds without any hassle and at a cost that won't leave a dent on borrowers' finances. The ease with which the lenders provide this facility has attracted the attention of many and has made home loans one of the most sought out facilities amongst the borrowers.</p>

